Add 6.1.2 binaries update note to index.rst (#42)
ROCm/rocm-install-on-windows: docs/index.rst

.. meta::
  :description: HIP SDK installation for Windows
  :keywords: ROCm installation, AMD, ROCm, Windows, HIP, HIP SDK, changelog

********************************
HIP SDK installation for Windows
********************************

> The HIP SDK for Windows is a software development kit that brings a subset of the
> :doc:`ROCm <reference/component-support>` platform to Windows. It provides APIs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Heterogeneous-computing Interface for Portability (HIP) SDK for Windows brings a subset of the
:doc:`ROCm <reference/component-support>` platform to Windows. It provides APIs
```

> and tooling that allow you to leverage the computational power of accelerators
> and GPUs to create high-performance, portable applications using
> :doc:`HIP <hip:index>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and tooling to leverage the computational power of accelerators
and GPUs to create high-performance, portable applications using
:doc:`HIP <hip:index>`.
```
